[ELEPHAS]
Release me! At once!
[SORCERER A]
Silence, Elephas!
[ELEPHAS] Our women and children
are being held captive
in the capital!
You would sacrifice their lives?
[SORCERER A] Do not bow
to the dowager empress
then pretend to care
for our people's lives!
We will control the
demon king and use him
to attack the empire!
[AILEEN]
That went well.
What now?
[ELEPHAS]
Joy, you're awake.
Interesting fellows.
I understand they're
planning a coup d'état.
If you can't stop them,
then the Levi family
really will go extinct.
I fear you're right.
It's as Lady Lilia said.
The future cannot be altered.
[AILEEN]
Lady Lilia?
So she's who you're working for.
No.
The horrid master I spoke of
before is the dowager empress.
I fancy Lady Lilia.
Though she doesn't fancy me.
[AILEEN]
Hmm.
Why do you glare as if I've
said something unforgivable?
[AILEEN]
No reason. Go on.
[ELEPHAS] Our first encounter
was about six months ago.
I remember it well.
[AILEEN] Let me guess,
she said something like,
"It breaks my heart to see
all your heroic efforts
go to waste," and after
that you couldn't get her
out of your mind.
Too easy.
Let us not destroy any more
of my treasured memories.
You would benefit
from some tact.
[AILEEN]
Toughen up.
So, after that she told
you that the Levi family
would be destroyed at this rate?
[ELEPHAS]
Yes, exactly.
Ah. Just as I thought.
[ELEPHAS] What you might not
know is that she got her hands
on another holy sword.
Huh?!
I borrowed the sword from her,
and well, I should say,
I'm sorry.
This has all been my fault.
[AILEEN]
I fell for her scheme.
She got Elephas
on her side early,
which set him on a
completely different path
from the original game.
I would break out of this cell,
but I unfortunately
lack the magic.
[AILEEN]
What? How could that be?
You absorbed all my power
with your holy sword.
And, after that,
we managed to crash directly
into my homeland.
[AILEEN]
I see.
My sword swallowed
up your magic.
I was curious as to where
this newfound energy
came from.
[ELEPHAS]
Huh?
Well then, it would seem
I have plenty of strength
to save your people.
Anything to say?
Words fail me, my lady.
Don't even waste your breath.
I will never forgive you
for what you did to Almond.
Now get down on
your knees and beg.
Humiliate yourself in
pursuit of my sympathy!
If you do that,
Almond might understand.
I hope.
[gasps]
What are you doing?
[ELEPHAS]
A--
A sorcerer's eye is an item
of immense magical power.
Please. I wish for you to take
this, and use it to release
the spell on the demon lord.
This is all I have to offer you.
Accept it as a
symbol of loyalty.
[AILEEN]
You would want me to save him,
wouldn't you, Almond?
We'll conquer your homeland
then head to the capital.
Make sure that you keep
your crystal at the ready.
[KNIGHT A]
Halt!
--[KNIGHT B] You can't escape!
--[KNIGHT C] You fools!
[KNIGHT A]
Halt, I say!
[KNIGHT B]
Over here!
[SELENA]
This way.
[AUGUSTE]
Selena?
If you want to escape,
follow me.
I know where they're
keeping Lord Claude.
Why the sudden desire to help?
Don't be a fool,
it's not about helping you.
It's about spiting
that wretch, Lilia.
So come along.
[AILEEN] Come to think of it,
why is the dowager empress
so bent on holding sorcerers
hostage in the first place?
You must've noticed
her appearance.
How do you suppose
she maintains her youth?
Wait, you don't mean--you do!
How completely
disrespectful to your kind!
Those poor souls.
[AILEEN]
Isaac! Sir Keith!
[KEITH]
Lady Aileen?
Explain! Why are you
carting around that traitor?
He's our enemy!
It's fine! He's trained now!
Please mind your word
choice, my lady.
More importantly,
what's happening?
The demons should be
running from the capital,
not toward it!
They've turned back
of their own volition.
See? They want to
save their lord!
[AILEEN gasps]
I hope you've regained power,
because I'm going to need
someone to catch me.
Huh? Lady Aileen wait!
Move! At once!
Our lord's crying out in pain!
Calm yourself!
Lord Claude didn't order
you to return, now did he?
Just who are you
trying to protect here?
Those weak humans?
You betray our lord!
Rescuing Lord Claude
is my responsibility.
Now remember yours.
The fate of these
demons is in your hands.
You have until sunset.
We won't wait a moment longer.
[ELEPHAS] I can easily transport
the two of us to the capital.
But what'll we do
once we get there?
We discussed this.
Very generally, yes.
In order to break the spell,
we must place this
in the empress's magical tool.
Trouble is that I don't
know where this tool is.
[JAMES]
Aileen? Can you hear me? Aileen!
Does anybody else
hear that voice?
[AILEEN gasps]
It's James! Where are you?
Is everyone all right?
We made it inside the palace.
We're alive,
and we found Lord Claude.
He's been drugged
with demon incense
to the point of unconsciousness.
And the imperial army
has us surrounded!
[AILEEN]
Is Rachel safe?
[JAMES]
Yes.
Though she fought
harder than any of us.
Oh, and I'm sure that the
incense riled the demons.
It caused Lord Claude
to cry out.
If he regains power,
it'll disperse,
and we have no idea
how to stop it!
All right. Listen, Selena.
You're familiar with
the dowager empress's
magical tool, aren't you?
Her what?
[AILEEN] Oh, please, weren't
you trying to worm your way
into Cédric's bed?
That should've required careful
research about the palace.
Even if were the premier expert,
why would I tell you?
After Lady Lilia, you are
my greatest sworn enemy!
[AUGUSTE]
Selena! Please help.
Without your knowledge,
we don't know where to begin.
I would say the northern
tower is your best bet.
If the rumors are true,
it serves as her personal
treasure trove.
[AUGUSTE]
Yeah. That makes sense!
The holy knights aren't
allowed near that area!
Well.
You two are a great
fit for one another.
I hope you fall into one of her
schemes for good, Auguste.
[AUGUSTE]
What is that supposed to mean?
[SELENA] And what exactly
do you mean by that?
[JAMES]
Aileen.
We'll take care of Lord
Claude until you arrive.
Prioritize your own wellbeing.
We wouldn't want to upset him.
I promise you, for I would
never dream of doing
anything that would
upset my darling.
This way.
Do you suppose the Levi
family hostages are held
in the same tower?
I do.
[AILEEN]
The holy sword?
Could it be?
[laughs]
[LILIA]
What's this?
You should've been
executed by now, Elephas!
Your romance path was
sweet, but so tortured.
I had to increase
your affection level.
Oh, my goodness,
you don't have a clue
what I'm saying!
No non-player character would!
Isn't that right, Lady Aileen?
So, are you enjoying my show?
I tried to learn from my
mistakes and give it 100%!
At best, your efforts are
completely misguided--
at worst, they're inhumane.
Aw! But I worked so hard
to get the holy sword
from Leicester's romance path.
[AILEEN] My sword came
from Prince Cédric's path.
Lilia had to throttle the
heart of yet another man
to get her hands on a
blade that's competitive
with mine.
I'll hold her attention.
You hurry and release
Lord Claude from the spell.
Question, and I mean no offense.
But why are you so
infatuated with me?
Silly.
In this land of the mindless,
you're my obvious rival.
So, when you
inevitably fall to me,
try not to be too pathetic.
Stand tall.
You are the main character.
[LILIA yells]
[AILEEN grunts]
[BELZEBUTH]
If anything happens to our lord,
you will pay for it, human.
[KEITH]
That's fine.
Just bite my head
of and feed my body
to the little ones.
I would die surrounded by all
of my closest compatriots.
'Twould be an honor.
Oh, just give it a break.
I'm serious,
I've been jealous of you
and the demons forever.
You have a connection to
our lord that I just don't.
He could be writhing in pain,
and I'd be the only
one who didn't know.
[DENIS]
Sir Belzebuth!
It took us a while to catch up!
Are any of the demons injured?
We brought plenty of medicine.
I'd rather report the
news than partake.
So, what's your plan?
Are you horde of heroes
going to blindly invade
once the sun goes down?
You could partner up with our
ranks to save Lord Claude
if you'd rather.
Now, why would you
humans ever wish
to save our lord?
If you're all in
love with Aileen,
isn't he just standing
in your way?
Though even all together,
you wouldn't have
the slightest chance
of defeating my lord--
You really must learn how
to read a room, my friend.
Try to understand the
complexities of their hearts!
Please!
[JASPER chuckles]
Here's the deal.
Why would we help
you save Lord Claude?
The answer is
surprisingly simple.
Us humans are foolish creatures.
We think if we try hard enough,
we can get along with
just about anyone.
Anyone, you say?
Absolutely, even
a demon like you.
Well, that's mankind.
Self-serving and
extremely arrogant.
[LILIA chuckles]
Great, the overpowered
heroine trope.
Of course!
If the efforts of the main
character weren't rewarded,
then it would hardly be
an otome game.
You should've put more points
into the etiquette skill tree!
[LILIA] I figured putting all
my points toward strength
would be more rewarding!
The villainess's base
skills are high,
but it all seems balanced.
The only negative thing
is... a bad personality?
[AILEEN grunts]
I made that wall with my sword!
Just in case a cyclops
tried to spoil my fun.
[LILIA yells]
[AILEEN] I need to get that
sword away from her!
Ow!
I can't believe you'd hurt me!
Boohoo.
Are you trying to
absorb my sword?
I'm taking back what's mine!
Once I have it, I alone will be
able to destroy Lord Claude
and all the demons.
This is fun, you simply
must come over
and play with me again!
This game is sort of silly.
Think about it--
what in the world is a
Holy Sword Maiden, anyway?
[AILEEN]
What's a Holy Sword Maiden?
That's easy, she's the
woman destined to be
the demon lord's wife!
And what even is
the Regalia of Saints,
Demons, and Maidens? Beats me.
[AILEEN]
That's obvious.
It's all about
the power of love!
How can this be?
So, you're absorbing the
demon lord's magic now?
Is killing him your grand plan?
[AILEEN yells]
[LILIA grunts]
Lord Claude would never
die and leave me behind!
All that to say, I need
to save my beloved
before death ever gets
the chance to knock!
[ELEPHAS]
It's no use!
It's sealed with magic!
[LILIA chuckling]
[laughing]
Too bad!
[AILEEN]
The magic is depleting.
That means Lord Claude is dying!
Maybe if I can use the
whole of my powers...
Please! Work!
[LILIA chuckles]
Look, Lady Aileen!
I'm the winner.
[ALMOND grunts]
I'm up.
Somebody need a helping wing?
But you... were dead.
Yes, Almond!
You have to help me
save your master!
Can do!
[ALMOND vocalizes]
[LILIA yells]
What? How'd you do that?
[ALMOND coos]
Easy! Bird, brains, and brawn!
[bells ring]
But--but how?
How can this be?
[screams]
We... won?
At last.
That accursed spell is lifted.
[MARCUS]
Stop right there!
We've caught you,
Lady Aileen Lauren d'Autriche!
You're to be executed
for treason!
[LILIA laughs]
Poor little Aileen!
All that hard work just
be executed in the end.
[CLAUDE] Who are you
pointing those swords at?
My darling, you're here.
[ALMOND]
My lord lives!
Stand down at once.
But wait, Your Majesty.
We're under imperial order.
Good, then I shall rescind it.
I regret to inform you
that his Imperial Majesty
has fallen ill.
While he recovers, I will
be acting in his stead.
Will you confirm this, Cédric?
If my brother says it's true,
well, then true it must be.
Any idea what's going on here?
Leicester.
We already know it's you
who has been purchasing
demon incense from
the black market.
Seems Marcus was
manipulated, as well.
What?
[LILIA]
Cédric?
What are you doing?
Lilia. You are a
terrifying woman.
You carelessly commit
these heinous atrocities,
then pin them on your
peers without regret.
But Brother, I am responsible
for allowing this to unfold.
That said, my fiancée's
crimes are her own.
We concede.
Huh? Speak for yourself!
I'm done.
I will no longer
follow you blindly.
I'm your puppet no more.
Even so, this deep love
that I feel for you
will never fade.
[CLAUDE]
Aileen.
Don't be afraid.
Everything's all right now.
Aileen. Come to me.
[AILEEN]
"Lady Aileen shall be my bride."
Lord Claude wasted no time
and made the announcement
as soon as the emperor
and dowager empress
left the capital.
His next order of business
was releasing the Levi family.
The gracious lord went
so far as to promise them
official reparations
for their suffering.
Our friend Almond is happy
and healthy once more.
He's currently
choreographing a dance
for the wedding reception.
Elephas made it
out safely as well,
and I think he found a
boss he'll like even more
than me.
A sorcerer who refuses
to kill demons?
He's the perfect fit
for the final boss.
As for Prince Cédric
and Lady Lilia,
I hope they're making the most
out of their prison sentence.
My future seemed bleak.
But the Villainess's
path of destruction
has transformed into
a path of light.
No matter what comes our way,
we'll be able to
defeat it together.
Because if we live with
love, there's no way
we could ever meet
an unfortunate end!